Expanded docs for organizations, workspaces, and service accounts (#7253)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/ui/service-accounts.md

    - workspaces
    - deployments
---

# Service Accounts <span class="badge cloud"></span> <span class="badge orgs"></span>

Service accounts enable you to create a Prefect Cloud API key that is not associated with a user account. Service accounts are typically used to configure API access for running agents or executing deployment flow runs on remote infrastructure.

## Service accounts overview

Service accounts are non-user organization accounts that have the following:

- Prefect Cloud [API keys](/ui/cloud-getting-started/#create-an-api-key)
- Organization [roles](/ui/roles/) and permissions

Using service account credentials, you can [configure an execution environment](/ui/cloud-getting-started/#configure-execution-environment) to interact with your Prefect Cloud organization workspaces without a user having to manually log in from that environment. Service accounts may be created, added to workspaces, have their roles changed, or deleted without affecting organization user accounts.

Select **Service Accounts** to view, create, or edit service accounts for your organization.

![Viewing service accounts for an organization in Prefect Cloud.](/img/ui/service-accounts.png)

> Service accounts are created at the organization level, but may be shared to individual workspaces within the organization. See [workspace sharing](#workspace-sharing) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Service accounts are created at the organization level, but individual workspaces within the organization may be shared with the account. See [workspace sharing](#workspace-sharing) for more information.
```
